Version 2
GeoModel name model_default_name
Nb Corner 8
Nb Line 12
Nb Surface 6
Nb Region 1
Corner 0 No_name GeogramPointSetMesh
boundary 
Corner 1 No_name GeogramPointSetMesh
boundary 
Corner 2 No_name GeogramPointSetMesh
boundary 
Corner 3 No_name GeogramPointSetMesh
boundary 
Corner 4 No_name GeogramPointSetMesh
boundary 
Corner 5 No_name GeogramPointSetMesh
boundary 
Corner 6 No_name GeogramPointSetMesh
boundary 
Corner 7 No_name GeogramPointSetMesh
boundary 
Line 0 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 0 1 
Line 1 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 2 0 
Line 2 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 3 0 
Line 3 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 4 2 
Line 4 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 1 4 
Line 5 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 4 5 
Line 6 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 1 6 
Line 7 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 2 7 
Line 8 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 7 3 
Line 9 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 5 7 
Line 10 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 3 6 
Line 11 No_name GeogramLineMesh
boundary 6 5 
Surface 0 No_name GeogramSurfaceMesh
boundary 0 1 3 4 
Surface 1 No_name GeogramSurfaceMesh
boundary 1 2 7 8 
Surface 2 No_name GeogramSurfaceMesh
boundary 8 9 10 11 
Surface 3 No_name GeogramSurfaceMesh
boundary 0 2 6 10 
Surface 4 No_name GeogramSurfaceMesh
boundary 3 5 7 9 
Surface 5 No_name GeogramSurfaceMesh
boundary 4 5 6 11 
Region 0 Region_1 GeogramVolumeMesh
+0 +1 -2 -3 -5 +4 
Universe 
-0 -1 +2 +3 +5 -4 
